hey guys it's Jerry writer now I
introduced the trailer to a movie called
tag middle playing the game right now
sit down Susan you take Jerry to be your
husband what's the difference between
Episcopalian and Lutheran Episcopalians
don't eat fish
that's pescetarian us not a religion
they're all fanatics I don't know you
you may kiss the bride
[Music]
[Applause]
please tell me what's going on here our
group of friends has been playing the
same game of tag for 30 years what for
the entire month of May every year we
play tag you never know when someone's
gonna pop up congratulations buddy
you're in doing great Ana my buddy Jerry
he's the best that ever played and how
he wants to retire never been tagged
just saying it was it touched it
Syria Terry
super-nice your watches I don't know how
to do that I don't wear watch time is a
construct some couples go on cruises
some couples go camping some couples go
to strip clubs and gangbang and this is
just what we love this is our gang bang
Wow
[Music]
the game was really flipped you guys
connected alright we've done this
this game has given us a reason to be in
each other's lives think your dad would
have really wanted you to be yeah
[Music]
gave us
my dick balls but I scream what
he knows I'm lactose intolerant he's
taunting
[Music]